We really enjoyed shooting with the Canon PowerShot SD500. 
It has an exterior design that combines form and function more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we've ever tested. 
A Digic II-powered image-processing system enables the SD500 to snap a limitless stream of 7-megapixel photos at a respectable clip, its start-up time is tops in its class, and it delivers decent photos when compared to its competition. 
The SD500 rivals the Canon G6 in image quality. 
I've had it for about a month and it is simply the best point-and-shoot your money can buy. 
I sincerely question the CNET reviewer's ability and/or their bias. 
If you want something resembling a REAL and professional review before plunking down your $500.00, I suggest going to dpreview or dcresource and reading the reviews there. 
I post under JTL at dcresource...check out my images if you want to see what this camera can do. 
I thought given all the "10" reviews about this camera that I would buy it in spite of being a bit pricey. 
I did see the review here and other places about a cracked LCD screen. 
I figured that the few people who reported that the LCD screen cracked on them was episodic and it would never happen to me. 
I received the SD500 on Monday, charged the battery and inserted the SD card that came with it, took a few pictures and waited until Thursday when the 2 GB SD card came that I had ordered. 
The camera was sitting on my home desk waiting for the new digital card and the weekend for the first round of serious shooting. 
It was NOT dropped or sat on or subjected to any other trauma -- it just sat on my desk in my home office \u00F4 where no one goes but me. 
When I went to put in the new SD Card I looked at the LCD Screen -- CRACKED-- and the fluid gave a Jackson Pollock type appearance to the screen, black and blue and purple blotches and streaks --useless. 
I have called Cannon they are sending me an RFA-- I will let you know if they treat me well or otherwise. 
This camera is truely superb.
The startup time, quality of pictures and videos is outstanding.
Some more manual control would have been nice. 
And shooters in low light should either select the iso manually and/or make sure that they don't shake much, as the camera's chip goes for detail over smoothness. 
Also ensure that the low light focusing LED is pointing at the point you want in focus - and use the focus lock (something the cnet reviewer was obviously not familiar with).
I have showed the pictures I have taken to many of my colleagues, alot of whom have expensive dslrs. 
They say that they are the best pictures they have ever see from a compact. 
These are some shaky ones I took just after delivery:
 I went out and got the Canon today. 
WOW! Big difference! 
I've taken about hundred shot with the Canon, in varying lighting situations, all in auto mode, and not one blurry picture!!! 
The quality, detail and clarity is much better than the Sony in my opinion. 
I did not conduct a rigorous test, but just took some identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
Sharper pictures. 
More detail. More natural color. 
The Canon is very small, definitely pocket size, but still easy to hold firmly. 
It powers up quickly, so you won't miss that quick shot. 
I can't comment on most of the manual features of the camera because I've been shooting in auto mode, but based on my experience so far, manual adjustment, while available, won't be needed for most of the shots I will be taking. 
Once I have the time, I plan to explore all the high end features of the camera, but for now, I can't comment intelligently or fairly. 
The only knock I have is that the flash is underpowered. 
This is a common problem with all ultra compacts, but I think I will probably go out and buy an external flash at some point. 
A few of my indoor shots could have benefited from a stronger flash, but even those shots were not all that bad. 
Good image quality. 
I expected more from a 7MP sensor and a Digic II processor. 
Lacking a high speed/sports mode is something I'll never understand in a camera of this caliber and price. 
You don't have a shutter or aperture priority mode...so the lack of a high speed program is a total dealbreaker for me.
All I have to say is that the pics I get with my SD500 are both rich and color and high in detail, the user interface is awesome, the battery charger is tiny and super light and SD cards are relatively cheap and getting cheaper all the time.
I have had the SD500 for less than one week. 
After reading reviews of LCD problems, cracked, black blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very limited problem. 
Wrong, except that my problems are different. 
Camera has been treated with kid gloves since day one. 
Stored in a padded case. 
Never abused. 
After 57 pictures total the LCD went black except for the icons showing the settings. 
LCD works fine for reviewing images already on the card so it, the LCD, still works, however the camera will not allow new pictures to be taken. 
Tried multiple cards both fast and slow speeds and different batteries. 
All had the same results. 
Camera is a paper weight. 
Canon is fixing / replacing but 2 to 3 weeks turn around. 
Expected better from a $500 unit.
I have been very impressed with my purchase of the SD500 I bought it at the beginning of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and have shot 300 images so far with it.
The pictures are tack sharp, colors are vivid, and at 7 mega pixels the quality is plenty high to manipulate and crop images to your hearts desire. 
Powerup is quick, and you can even set your favorite image to display for a second or so as it turns on. 
I have especially enjoyed the 640x480 mode, while not a replacement for a dedicated video camera, its quality easily surpasses that of my old Hi-8 camera and is perfect for quick clips of things that still images just dont describe (max 8 mins at 640 30fps on a one gig card). 
you can set the optical zoom before shooting and than while shooting video adjust a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras light weight Camera shake is a problem to contend with. 
Audio is mono and fairly acceptable, quiet also with little distortions. 
I have been fairly impressed with its ability to capture decent details in low light situations such as theaters, inside a bus at night ect
The battery life is not that of the Casio's but its good and your going to get better pictures in my opionion with the battery life youve got. 
If you use the LCD wisely and dont use it as a TV screen to show all your buddys the girl you went on a date with last night, you should be able to get plenty of shots in on a charge, I have only seen the warning light once, and that was after a week of daily occasional to medium duty use. 
and even after the warning i had enough juice left to finish the evening with.
The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as you can. 
I would imagine this is a problem with any camera of a compact nature. 
Also as someone who at least knows a little bit about the technical work of taking a photo i really miss having manual controls. 
But if you want a pocket camera to use when you cant take your Digital SLR with you that will capture quality images this is your choice of camera.
Glad to see the Ed. revised the previous statements regarding image quality. 
My SD500 focuses flawlessly, does not "whine" during video, and my pictures are razor sharp. 
I can accept a little purple fringing on the ocassional difficult shot. 
I don't miss the high speed program, nor the manual overide, since I had read numerous reviews and specs. before I ordered. 
This camera is bulletproof. 
It appears that actual owners of this camera all rate it at a 9 or 10 except for those others who are certainly entitled to their opinions. 
Personally I love it! It's a definite 10!
start up is so quick \u00F4
you can take pictures seconds after you turn the camera on...literally! 
totally love this feature...very useful since i love taking pics of my 7-month old baby =)
big lcd screen - at least for me, 2" is enough
great picture quality - in automatic mode, quality is great. 
when you learn how to change some settings, you can make the quality even better 
digital zoom is clear too...say you used all 3x optical zoom, try to do digital zoom then...just try not to shake the camera at all and you'll still get a clear good quality picture
great video clip quality for a digital camera - so much better than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel one). 
i connected my camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you take video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it first if you want then take the video clip.)
photo stitch (merge pictures to create a panoramic one..even my old one can do this and it's really cool to have it now still)
turn the camera on while pressing the button (or is it the menu button? i have to check again =)) and it'l show you the time and date. 
shake it a little bit and it'l change the background color. if you've holding the camera horizontally, then it will show the time and date horizontally. 
change the orientation to vertical and it will automatically change the time and date orientation too. 
i just thought it's cute and cool =)
 battery life is not long enough IF and ONLY IF you take a lot of video clips and play it back on the camera a lot of times...the camera/battery gets a little bit warm too when you use it for a long time but it's normal. 
(i can't help but play with the camera always)
the sound is not loud enough when i play back the video clips on the camera. 
i don't know if i just got used to my A60 or it's just really not that loud. 
but it's good enough since i upload them to the computer anyway (and sound is good too once you view it on the computer/tv).
i highly recommend this camera to anybody looking for a compact camera that can take good quality pictures. 
if you'll only read the whole manual, you'll find out even more cool features and you'll learn how to manipulate the quality you want to achieve and all those modes will make sense after reading 
as a whole, i say, it's way more than what i expected. 
it's such a great camera! i think it really was worth the investment =)
i forgot to mention about the camera's design. 
if you haven't noticed, they designed it so that you can also take vertical pictures when you do the self-timer. 
they made the other end of the camera flat so you can put the camera upright on a flat surface if you don't like to take the usual horizontal pictures using the self-timer.
I bought this camera two days ago, and I'm very pleased to say that it has been worth the money. 
Only downside is when taking pictures in low-light conditions without the flash. 
The pictures tend to get blurry due to longer exposure, but his can be disabled in the manual settings. 
If you on the other hand always use automatic settings (and not manual) you should be just fine, as the camera features some of the best automatic settings I have ever seen.
All in all, this is the camera for you if you can spare the extra cost in price. 
But believe me, it's well worth it. 
Having the Digic II chip helps a lot. 
This camera takes amazing pictures and its size cannot be beat. 
I still can't believe how fast it starts up. 
I take a lot of pictures and this camera is my first choice. 
I still have my s70 because I like the wider lens sometimes, but in general, if you are looking for a small camera with the whole package, the sd500 is the only one you should buy. 
I love the rounded edges now, fits so much better in a pocket, jeans or suit. 
Buy it, you will love it..... 
As much as I am happy about this great little camera, it is overshadowed by the fact that the LCD is easily spoilt.
The SD500 has only been in my possession for a little over 3 months, and the LCD has been broken twice. 
The first time, I paid $165 (excluding shipping) to have it fixed by Canon Service Center. 
I am still waiting news as to whether I will be charged for the 2nd time.
I would not deny that some cameras are not treated with care. 
However, it was not so in my case.
$500 may not be a lot of money for some, but it is for me. 
Treating my cameras, past and present, with utmost care ensures my investment. 
In response to "testing" the LCD through pressure in the center and sides, I am glad that it did not cause any damage. 
Otherwise, I would have changed my one-liner to "useless" instead of "flimsy".
My SD500 was kept in a case all the time if not being used. 
I took it out one day and the LCD was not working. 
Who knows = maybe the service center did a sloppy job in fixing the camera the first time, that it is easily broken. 
Although the SD500 takes great quality photos, the sensitivity of the LCD compromises the quality overall.
I read all the reviews on cnet, steve's, dpreview and a host of other sites before i decided to buy this camera. 
All were generally favorable but i still had my doubts just because their review is based largely on the kind of photography that they do. 
I tell you now, after lot of shooting in many different situations, this camera is amazing. 
I Was hesitant to rate it a 10 just because it seems so extreme, however I really can't find anything wrong with it. 
The size of the camera is perfect. 
Fits comfortably in my inside jacket pocket or in my pants pocket. 
When I was initially looking for a camera I thought that picture quality was my number one priority, however picture quality aint worth nothin if you leave the camera at home. 
So i figured i would "compromise" and get the camera that i could, and would, take everywhere. 
I Was wrong. 
there was no compromise this little camera does amazing things. 
In good light and low light the things a champ. 
I like to take pictures when I Go out at night and perhaps some people would complain that noise levels are high at higher iso's but I don't really care that much, i think it gives the pictures a certain real-life quality. 
The flash is surprisingly good and even the video quality is excellent. 
If you like to take a look at some pictures shot with this camera by a mediocre photographer please feel fee to check out my picture page at http://community.webshots.com/user/mbs60099
I'd be happy to talk to anyone about this camera. 
You will not be dissapointed!
This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, take anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
The instruction manuals and documentation are excellent so that the learning curve will be much less steep.
I've only had this camera for a few days, but it's been great. 
The photo quality is amazing. 
it's fast, feels great in your hand and looks great too. 
I've printed several photos and the prints look as good as the screen views.
As any digital camera owner knows is that when you go to take a picture of a moving object to expect some blurring but with some preliminary testing we had somone move there hands back and forth under the lense and another person take the picture and suprisingly a crystal clear image apeared on the decently sized screen. 
another thing i like about this camera is the way that you can swap colors around and the impressive video quality i would advise any person in the market for a camera to pay the little extra on the hefty $500 price tag and get a quality camera.
Moreover, apart from the plastic cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, I take it with me wherever I go. 
Highly recommended.
As it turns out, this is an awesome camera! 
If you want one you better hurry up - supply is low and demand is high which means prices may go way up!
The CNET review does not give this camera the review it deserves. 
CNET told you not to look for advanced controls. 
However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences through a variety of preset and user definable modes. 
I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
The SD500 software install was seamless and the product documentation is very detailed. 
Bottom line, this camera will give you a lot of bang for the buck!
I don't know why CNET says there is a problem with focus, I have all my pictures sharp and high quality. 
Sometimes indoor with poor light you can notice small noise. 
I had G600(6MP) before this one and I noticed big difference in picture quality and performance using SD500. 
If you don't care about manual controls then its for you!
Very good "every day" camera. Fits nicely in the pocket of my jeans and takes quality photos.
If you want a sharp looking, fast digital camera and you don't need or want manual controls, then this is the camera for you! 
Great for 1st time digital camera owners who are learning the "digital" way of the photo taking force (like me) or for the experienced digital photographer who wants a powerful, easy to keep with you at all times camera.
 am so glad I bought this camera. 
All the good reviews for the SD500 are true. 
The view finder shows crystal clear pictures that will look even better when you get them to the computer. 
The included software removes any red eye easily. 
if you are looking for a small camera to throw in your pocket, take great pics and video, get the SD500. 
Also make sure you pick up a good high speed SD card like the SanDisk Ultra 2.
This is overall the best point and shoot camera I've used. 
Unlike many other compact PS cameras this camera has an AF assist lamp essential for focusing in dark areas. 
Placement of the buttons and software user interface is near perfect. 
The only problem I have with the buttons is that the power button and print/share button don't have a nice click. 
The buttons are rather stiff. 
I also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot. 
overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
Could be better to be a perfect camera (and some competitors do some of this better): purple fringing, details in high-light area, noise over ISO100, red-eyes, (few)processing artefacts, (few)loss of some details especially of the hairs of peoples in low light, automatic autofocus, whizing while video-playback, better video comression (smaler viedo-files), more manual controls, longer lasting battery, indicator for battery, better protection of the LCD, less weight. 
When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, natural looking of the pictures) is the most important thing, then this camera ist top notch and very impressive. 
In low light with flash I found it clear better then the sony P200 (too much red, colours overall not as natural but fewer red-eyes). 
The Fujifilm F10 is probably the best compact camera for low light (ISO 400 with not much noise, even ISO 800 is relative good). 
I have see impressive pictures of this camera but also some who are not as detailed as of the Ixus SD500. 
For me the colors of the Casio-cameras (Z750, Z50)aren't by far as good as that of the SD500, the pictures looks more artificial and over processed. 
Some adjustments in the settings could help make it better.
I found best results in most situation with manual/center auto focus, manual mode, ISO 100 (shorter aperture-time, so more often sharper images as with ISO 50), auto white balance (auto white balance is better than of the other canon cameras I have and they already do very-well).
I upgraded from a very small 3.2 mpxl camera to this camera with great results. 
Good color and very little needed to correct photos on Paintshop Pro. 
Neat feature for self-timer allows you to record two different warnings. 
I use "get ready" and "here it comes". 
The manual is excellent. 
Get the Ultra SD card which allows very quick turnaround on shots. 
To limit lag time, turn off flash or if flash needed, turn off display. 
Also, multiple picture feature is very, very fast.
Very fast powerup and great speed when taking multiple pictures. 
Perfect size! Beats the competition by leaps and bounds. 
Check out the other professional reviews for this camera on the web. 
CNET unfortunately is greatly underrating this camera in its editorial review. 
Check this one out for yourself for sure!
I have not been this happy about a purchase I have made in a long time. 
I highly recommend this camera! I can shoot continuous 640x480 60 fps video until my 1gig SD card fills up! 
I am impressed with this camera inside and out.
This is my third digital Elph and it is definitley the best ever. 
Finally a Canon with a setting for Snow White Balance. 
I love the camera.
This camera is perfect for the person who wants a compact camera that produces excellent photos in just about any situation. 
Flash works well for a compact, red eye is a minor problem. 
The camera responce is VERY quick. 
Almost no lag between button activation and shutter. 
Camera powers on and ready in about a second. 
I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this little camera produces, such great pics, it even brings out ur pimples on the face. 
that u missed in the mirror! 
Once I learned how to use the diferent features, it is much easier than my old one to use and view pics. 
And the video quality is amazing. 
On the 60fps setting it seems like a regular video recorder!! 
And it fits right in my pocket much easier than my old S30. 
An A++!!!
I thought this camera was awful and I did tons of research on CNET and other sites. 
There were many times when I clicked the automatic shutter and nothing happens. 
It seems you have to double click some of the time, but not all of the time. 
Huh? I missed out on lots of photos and lots and lots came back blurry. 
The controls are hard to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
The LCD screen is too small since there are so many cameras that have larger ones.



I want to start off saying that this camera is small for a reason.
Some people, in their reviews, complain about its small size, and how it doesn't compare with larger cameras.  
I'm in high school, and this camera is perfect for what I use it for, carrying it around in my pocket so I can take pictures whenever I want to, of my friends and of funny things that happen.
The only thing I don't like is the small size (8 MEG) memory card that comes with it.
I have to move pictures off of it every day so I have room for more pictures the next, and I don't have enough money to buy the 256 MEG card that I've had my eye on for a while.
A larger memory card and extra battery are good things to buy.
Other than that pictures taken in the dark are not as nice as I'd like them,
I'd say that this camera is perfect.
OK, not quite everything...but this camera is so compact that you will have it by your side when you need it.
I bought this camera for the same reason many of you are considering it, or have already bought it--it's size.
It is amazingly small, it's hard to believe all that has been packed into this camera.
I take it with me everywhere,literally, 
it is so small that I am able to keep it in my pocket, and I don't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable.
There is also a small covering for the lens, so you need not worry that the lens will get scratched.
The picture quality surprised me, when I first saw this camera I saw how small it was an instantly assumed that the picture quality would not be good--but I was wrong!
The picture quality of this camera is outstanding (taking its' size and price into consideration).
However, I do have a few things to complain about...  
First off, the battery.
This camera uses a lithium battery, I find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station--there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there.
Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life span is short.
The longest I've had it work was about 1 hour and 45 minutes.
This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as long as you bring your charger and spare batteries, you should be fine.
Another problem I had with this camera was the zoom function.
Such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
Very wrong.  
The zoom function on this camera is so loud that sometimes you will be unable to use it if you find yourself in a situation where you must be quiet.
Even just turning the camera on will move the lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
The flash is very weak.
Really dissapointing. If you are inside, you can't be any farther away then 10 feet in a lit room.
The last problem I found with this camera was the macro function.
The auto-focus on the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject.
To make matters work, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
The focus is great, though, if you are not taking a macro shot.
These are all the flaws I found in the camera, 
it's not my first choice in cameras,
I have come across many other beginner cameras that I prefer over this camera, but the thing you have to keep in mind about this camera is the size.
If you are just looking for something to keep with you at all times, then this is a great camera choice.
I researched digital cameras for a month before purchasing the s100... 
after considering my needs further and researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
I have had this little gem for four months now. 
It has given me zero problems, and the more I use it, the better I become at taking advantage of its strengths.
I had a regular Canon Elph (APS), as well as a JVC digital camera.
I was looking for a blend of the two and so I bought this camera. 
I'll share some observations that may differ a bit from what other reviewers have noted. 
1) It is perhaps too small. 
I find it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses on.
Its size makes holding it steady for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger tips).
2) The delay from the time you fully depress the shutter to the time the picture is taken is too long and may yield some fuzzy shots. 
This is due to the unusually slow autofocus system.
3) The lack of an intermediate resolution setting, as other reviewers have suggested, is a problem, but that problem is meaningless with a larger CompactFlash memory card
(I got a 64 meg card for $... and it holds 105 pics at 1600 x 1200 res).
4) The camera gets really hot when you are busy snapping away.
It is hot enough to be annoying.
Canon says it's normal. 
I have found it gets less warm with the LCD off.
This wonderfully small digital camera produces fantastically good pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer (with photo quality paper).
It will not replace your high-end 35mm SLR but it's a great toy to keep near you at all times for snapshots.
I have used many digital cameras. 
This IS the best camera you can have for digital images if you want to:
Take quick pictures with excelent resolution
Hate to wait between shots
Download it fast to your computer
Have a great and easy to use bundled software
Travel with it without knowing you have it in your pocket
FYI, Battery doesn't die if you don't use LCD
The color and light I captured with this camera on a 12-day trip to Turkey (gorgeous vividly colored ceramic tiles inside darkened mosques) were far superior to anything I've ever gotten with a traditional 35-mm film camera.
I love this camera.
I don't believe this camera is still available. But if you can find one, you might like to get it.
It's still one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
I bought my camera based on recommendations from my other friends who own it. 
I am very pleased with my purchase.
It's best to list the pros and cons of this camera:
I've been incredibly happy with this camera.
This camera is great if you're used to a high-end SLR.
It's overkill for simple snapshots, unless you've got way too much money to blow.
Exposure compensation in 1/3 stop increments (I leave it set on +1/3 stop to brighten up the default exposure, which goes a bit dark for my taste).
Slow-syncro flash, macro/infinity mode, etc.
The zoom range is a little narrow (35-70mm in 35mm film equivalent), but given that the camera is the same as my wallet, I can't think of any real complaint.
The SS body is wonderful, feels high-quality.
It's the same body as the popular ELP2 APS camera (take a look at a standard credit card from your wallet and you'll have an idea of the front profile!).
A 2X optical zoom (you can pretty much ignore any time a  manufacturer refers to "digital zoom")
I left the camera in my car in Maine (not a very hot place) and the LCD screen cracked !
I then realized a major design flaw.
All the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
When the screen stops working, you're out of luck !
I wrote another review and this is the update. 
I discovered that the camera has a manual mode that gives you total control over exposure, white balance, flash (red eye, person against bright background, flash on, flash off, flash automatic).
I have used this camera for about 3 weeks so far, taking over 500 pictures. 
I have 2 batteries and a 128 mb card. 
Here are some useful facts:- 
On a battery charge, the camera takes approximately 70 pictures, where the camera is opened and closed between pictures. 
A 64mb card stores approximately 100 pictures at default resolution (ie between 500k and 1.5mb per picture). 
The viewfinder does not accurately represent the pucture being taken.
The LCD should be used.
However, in dark settings you must use the viewfinder. 
The digital zoom is crap.
Turn it off. 
It fits in your pocket.
The closest competitor is the SONY DSC-P1 (3.3mp). 
But that camera is a little larger and you defeat the whole purpose of having a truly portable camera.
I take my camera everywhere. 
Tamrac makes a tiny pouch that is best for the camera. 
The front even has a zipper for an extra battery and your wallet stuff. 
The panorama setting is unbelieveable !
You take around 12 pictures in a circle, stitch them together and voila; you have a perfect memory of where you were standing ! 
The pictures are a little dark sometimes.
You have the option to have the flash automatic or off.
The new Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% heavier than the S100.
The movie mode can only record a max of 30 seconds at 160X120 per clip and a max of 4 seconds at 640X480.
It has one more resolution of 1024X768 and a "Normal" compression mode.  And, it has the 3X zoom.
The price is $... more.
I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
I have found however that you can just buy a card reader to solve this problem.
The new drivers on cannon's site do not help at all but try them if you want they have made me have to use the backup software.
The Adobe software also was wonderful in 98 but it will not let you print correctly with XP so you are forced to create your document then either print it from Windows or export it to another application.
But it takes gorgeous pictures for a 2.1 MP camera.
I love this camera!
 the only thing I don't like about it is that You have to buy a larger memory card, first thing!
I got this camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon.
I would recommend this camera unequivocally!
I got this camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon.
I would recommend this camera unequivocally!
My last digital camera was an Apple QuickTake 200, which shot 640x480 pixel images.
The Apple was actually better in two repects: it turned-on quickly and it showed you what you just shot right after you shot it.
The  ELPH will do the latter but you must hold down the shutter button to view  it.
But this DOES work even if you turn off the LCD viewing -- great  battery saver.
I've been using this camera for a few months now.
A great camera, but here are some points which I don't notice in most of the reviews here, which may be of concern especially to the more advanced amatuer:
Good quality and fun!
I purchased the Elph s100 mainly because I thought it was cool.
I'm a professional photographer using pro digital equipment and I was looking for something to have around the house so that my wife could capture candid moments with my kids.
In practice, we've been VERY happy with the results.
The camera does a great job with exposure and prints made with my professional printer looks great (not as good as prints from my pro digital camera, but still VERY good).
My last digital camera was the Canon Powershot A5 Zoom, which I liked  quite a bit.
But I was ready to upgrade and when I discovered that Canon  was going to come out with an even smaller digital camera with a higher  resolution, I had to have the S100.
This is my second digital camera, but I'm much more impressed with the Canon S100 Digital Elph than I EVER was with my Kodak DC240.
This camera is so light and tiny that I literally carry it everywhere with me, which is great considering I'm an artist and like to capture interesting items for future painting.
The software that comes with the Digital Elph is very nice and intuitive.
I especially like the way that ZoomBrowser EX lets you look at a virtual filmstrip of your pictures.
The PhotoStitch software is very cool if you want to do any 360 degree panorama shots.
I'd suggest that you not only buy this camera, but the case for it and an extra battery pack.
My only complaint and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the on-camera controls aren't as intuitive as they should be.
I've often struggled to get something to work the way I want it, and hate to have to carry the manual with me all the time!
Other than that, I love this camera.
The pictures are uniformly excellent and color rendering is perfect.
The good:  Small size; durable-seeming metal case; easy to use; visually distinctive; good picture quality; fast USB connection; mostly intuitive operation; really cool PhotoStitch software that knits pictures together to give wide panoramas.
If compact size is your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera, the Canon PowerShot S100 Digital Elph is a standout choice and aptly named for its diminutive design.
The S100's image quality rates in the middle of its class, but it can still be a reasonable choice for students, families, or small businesses looking for an ultra-portable camera that weighs less than half a pound with media and battery pack.
Recently I was at dinner with some friends, and we were debating the merits of one digital camera vs. another.
One of my friends was going on and on about his camera and how fancy it was.
While he was talking, I took my S100 out of the front pocket of my Levi's and took his picture.
I said, can your fancy camera do that?
No, because he doesn't (can't) always carry his with him.
End of story.
I purchased this camera before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
I have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and its capabilities.
I am no computer expert, and this is my first (and probably last) digital camera.
This is a great product, and Canon has done an excellent job.
I've been very reluctant to join the digital camera communitysince I've been an avid "legacy" photographer for most of mylife.
I received this little jewel as a gift and I can honestly say Iabsolutely love it.
I give this product five stars for its usability,performance, expandability, and definitely looks!
I've had this camera for three years.
price[-1][u]I bought it new, when it was cutting edge and very expensive.
I put a 128MB CF card in it.
First, I have to say that I have NEVER had the slightest problem with this camera or the software.
I've probably taken upwards of 5000 pictures with it, it's been all over the country.
The software has been installed on Windows 95, 98, 2000 and XP and I haven't had any problems with it.
The camera is solid, performs well, takes good pictures, and the battery lasts pretty long if you disable the LCD viewfinder.
If battery life were that big a deal, one could purchase a second battery and rotate.
All that said, I am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera.
They are razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, and the focus is great.
When taking pictures of people, however, it shows EVERY flaw in the subject's skin.
Scratches, oil, freckles are magnified and come out looking horrific.
It requires extensive Photoshopping to fix the flaws.
Other cameras taking pics of the same subjects turn out looking much better.
I will also say that it takes a very long moment for the camera to do its digital image processing between the time you press the button and when the camera actually takes the picture.
By the time the shot's taken, something (especially a squirmy child or a sports play) has invariably moved and it's not the exact picture you wanted.
I'm going to buy a real Single-Lens Reflex (SLR) to take baby pictures, but I'll keep this as a travel camera.
I'm a writer and new to digital photography.
I've owned a few 35mm cameras over the years, including one SLR and two point & shoots.
I had been waiting for the prices of digital cameras to come down before  taking the plunge.
This year, with a cruise to Nova Scotia coming in  August, I decided the time was right and just purchased a Canon S100  Digital Elph.
I must say, I think this is the coolest camera I've ever  owned!
First, it really is tiny; the size of a pack of cigarettes, maybe  a scooch deeper.
The included battery charger is larger!
Second, it is  incredibly easy to use.
I just went on a quick photo shoot in NYC's  Central Park today, and what a bunch of beautiful photos I took, if I do  say so myself (and I do!)
The camera is as easy to use as a point and  shoot, and with instant review on the LCD screen, you can retake any  flubbed shots on the spot.
The two-times optical zoom operates smoothly  and quietly, and lo and behold, a two-piece shutter-like cap automatically  slides closed over the lens when you turn the camera off.
I also had no  problems installing or running the camera software on my PC.
I'm still  learning about file sizes (and how large is too large to email), and I did  erase one photo I wanted to keep as I was getting used to the menu system.
But otherwise I am thrilled to have taken the plunge into digital  photography.
And there are two more advantages to digital photography  which I hadn't anticipated, beyond the lack of film and developing.
One is  the lack of censorship of your photos -- time for some, uh, fashion  photography of your wife or girlfriend, if that's something you both would  enjoy!
Another is the ability to upload images from your PC to a memory  card in the camera.
This is a great source of personal entertainment for  travelers, if you catch my drift, and you can zoom in on the LCD images!
I  would also recommend Canon's soft case for the camera, which has a slot to  attach to your belt along with a second nicely finished compartment to hold  an extra battery or memory card.
As other reviews have noted, you will  definitely want one or more additional memory cards.
I've found I can get  from nine to twelve compressed 1600 X 1200 photos on one 8MB card, or 28  images uploaded from my PC.
At any rate, if you have been interested in  digital photography but the price and confusion have held you back,  consider the Canon S100 Digital Elph.
It really is the perfect travel  camera, plus it offers the convenience of digital photography.
If you're looking for a digital camera to replace your big Nikon or Canon SLR, forget it - film is still king when exquisite detail and fine color rendition are critical.
Before you give up on digital cameras, though, ask yourself a few questions: 
got this as it flew off the shelves.
Really like it, easy to use, great images, very intuitive, fits in my jacket pocket.
What else can I say?     
I was looking for a compact, rugged (I carry it hiking, skiing, boating, etc) camera which is easy to use.
I wanted standard memory expansion (CF cards), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
This is the only camera with all these capabilities.
Even with the waterproof housing it is small.
The lens retracts and has its own metal cover so you don't need to fuss with a lens cap.
The metal housing seems very rugged.
Turn-on to ready-to-shoot is about 3 seconds.
I'd give it  5 stars if the automatic modes were better and if there were true manual focus and exposure modes.
For example, in auto mode you can't use the flash redeye reduction, you must be in manual mode for that.
The auto color balance is often fooled by dense clouds.
You need to use the manual exposure adjustment in backlight or bright light conditions such as with snow in the background.
The dynamic range seems not quite as good as the Kodak DC260.
The macro mode works well, although it takes some practice since the camera doesn't clearly indicate when it can't focus.
The white-LED backlit LCD is very bright and crisp, even in sunlight, and relatively easy on the battery.
The panorama modes are wonderful.
Buy at least two batteries and you'll never run out in the field.
High-res photos take 1-1.5 MBytes each so you want a CF card sized accordingly.
It's so small and light, even with a spare battery, you really can take it anywhere.
In auto mode anyone can use it as a point and shoot camera.
The manual modes give you a lot of control over exposure and white balance (but there is no manual focus or manual exposure).
1600x1200 means really good, cropped 5x7 prints and acceptable 8x10s.
There are better cameras but none anywhere near as light and compact.
It's a little jewel.
1- Small.
VERY smal.
You'll carry it with you every day.
I've been taking near 100 pictures per month since I got mine.
I've had a lot of cameras, but this one is ACTUALLY being used, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
2- Excellent picture quality and so simple to use!!!
Fool proof.
I started shooting even before reading the manual (not recommended at all).
3- USB kicks!
2 secs to download a 600KB 1600x1200 picture!
4- Looks great.
Silver metal case -NOT PLASTIC.
5- Excelent software package.
6- Small but very clear TFT screen.
Take shots at angles you thought you wouldn't.
Don't care about sunlight: it's TFT.
7- 360\u001a panoramic pictures are a very big deal.
8- Buttons are little, but If you have steady fingers and dealed with a casio wirst calculator watch, you can deal with almost anything.
Buttons size is OK for me, my wife, but not my grany.
9- Cons? Not a single one after 5 months.
i researched and researched between getting the canon s20 or the canon s100, and of course i got the latter!
and i'm glad i did!
I was looking for something that wasn't too complicated to use and to help the pics I post on Ebay show more detial.
This camera is great, wonderfully small, and has attactive hi-tech casing.
Very easy to use for someone like me who's just hopping on the digital camera bandwagon.
I love not having to go to Walgreen's to get my pictures develpoed anymore!
Definitely a good investment.
The controls are easy to understand and big enough that they are easy to see and use.
I would recommend spending a little money and this will be the perfect digital camera.
I added a second battery (about $69, recharges in about two hours) and a large (192Mb for less than $400) CF module.
Now I can take over 300 1600 x 1280 shots (or for the webshot fanatic, 1,141 pictures at 640 x 480).
The optical and digital zooms combine to give an effective 4x zoom.
This is enough capacity and capability to do a complete household inventory, for example.
While this might seem pricy, I have been spending $27 for 25 APS images, with prints and a CD, so this camera will pay for itself in a year.
I have a 35mm camera outfit that cost quite a bit of money a few years ago.
because, unless it's small, I won't cary it around.
If I won't cary it around, I won't use it, and if I won't use it, what's the point?
My first impression of Elph S100 was that there couldn't POSSIBLY be room in the thing for anything other than a battery and a memory card.
Somehow, the engineers at Canon did it, and the results are nothing less than astounding.
I was a little skeptical about what people had said about this camera, because it's just so small.
After getting one for Christmas from Amazon, I'm now a believer:  The Digital Elph is truly the world's smallest digital camera that shoots great pictures.
I've had this camera just over 2 years and it takes pretty good pictures.
The size is tiny, which I love.
We bought extra memory and a backup battery (so we can use one while the other is charging).
Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
OK so I bookmarked pages about this camera on our home computer, in a place I was sure my wife would see, and loh and behold, what did I get.
Thank you Santa!
I bought this camera at the end of August.
With the camera I also bought a 128MB compact flash card, an extra battery, and a carrying case.
I also recently bought Viking's IntelliFlash Memory Reader.
I've got a couple of digital cameras.
An Olympus 2500 and an Olympus 620.
Really like them,  they work well and the macro function of the 2500 really helps my Ebay biz.
BUT they are big cameras,  they have to reside in a large case,  they need all kinds of batteries,  in short they're a pain to lug around.
I've struggled for years with supposedly high-quality point and shoot 35mm cameras delivering astonishingly inconsistent results.
The Canon S100 destroys this problem.
I've had this camera for roughly 3 weeks now and I've taken approximately 250 pictures.
The results are superb...  both in print and over the computer.
Positives:
This camera is so easy to use!
I just took it out of the box, charged the battery, and started taking pictures.
All the features are incredibly intuitive, even for a novice like me.
I would recommend getting a larger Compact Flash card, because once you start taking pictures, you won't want to stop.
The pictures are beautiful, and the camera is so small you can carry it anywhere.
I, as many others, have waited for many years for the convergence of price, features, size and ease of use to hit that happy center point.
Well wait no more!
I bought this little guy a few weeks back, and I have to saythat I never had so much fun with a new toy as this.
You willdefinitly appreciate the small size.
You can take it anywhere withyou, unlike other bulky cameras, and capture every moment of yourlife.