Works great, no odor, and uses regular bags.
Can't complain at all!
So far (3 weeks), we've had no problems with the Diaper Champ at all.
It contains the smell from our baby's diapers and we can use just about any kind of bag inside.
I also sprinkled baking soda in the bottom of the Diaper Champ to help absorb odors - every once in awhile I just empty the old baking soda out and replace it.
I don't know if we'll run into trouble down the road with odors, but so far I have no complaints and I'm very happy not to have to buy those refills.
We started with the Diaper Genie as most new parents do.
We hated that thing!
The "new" design still needs lots of improvement!
The bags never fit right and then it never spun right.
And after about two months it just sat there in the corner of her room and was never used.
As she entered into toddlerhood we started having some bad diapers just becasue of her cutting teeth and diet changes.
We decided we had to have something so we started researching.
The Diaper Champ is the best we found!
There are no specail bags to deal with or buy!
We use the cheap $1.99 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery store but you can use any bag you have laying around.
There is also no trick to it.
No spinning it or anyhting!
Just flip the handle and the diaper is gone!
Now it will start smelling if you leave it with diapers in it for an extended period but all of them will!
We empty ours every day and we have never had an odors from it!
It is far better than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
In concept, it's a fabulous idea.
I love that you don't have to purchase expensive refills.
I just go to [the store] and purchase tall kitchen bags and use those for the Diaper Champ.
The cons, at times the diaper wipes get stuck in the disposal area making it hard to turn the handle back and forth.
In addition, I don't believe that it is odorless.
My daughter is only 4 months old and we do notice an odor.
2 diapers will only get worse.
If I had to do it over again, even with the cost savings of using any type of bag, I would go w/ the Diaper Genie.
It's far better than all others on the market.
it's easier and much more convenient to use because it doesn't have CLUMSY and CONFUSING (not to mention expensive) refills.
There is no odor and extremely easy to use.
Having one of these helps from needing to take out the trash daily for the guys!
My daughter is now 2 and 1/2, and I am still enjoying this product.
We purchased it based on the reviews, and it really lived up to our expectations.
We liked it because:	1. It uses regular garbage bags instead of brand refills.	2. You can dump regular trash into it and not feel as though you've wasted plastic.	3. It never smelled - at all.
Here's the catch for us- our daughter never drank formula, which is what gives baby waste a foul smell, and when she was eating solids we followed the American Pediatric Association recommendation to flush solid products instead of disposing of them.
I don't know how this product would hold up to either of these situations.
I just know it really worked for us.
The container is hard to open, which is exactly what you want when your baby becomes a toddler, and you do have to flip the handle carefully (which has saved more than a few of her toys,too.) I don't consider these difficulties but features for the older baby.
We graduated to real underwear last week in our house, and I'm passing this on instead of retiring it- it's too good to sit unused in the basement or dump.
WRONG!
Even with newborn diapers it filled way too fast.
It seemed as if we were empting the pail everyday and it was in no way odorless.
Save your money invest in plastic bags and dispose of diapers by sealing them in the bags and placing them in the regular garbage.
A MUST HAVE!
This is a MUST HAVE product for all new moms!
The one thing that sets this product apart from the diaper genie is that this product can use regular garbage bags.
ANY Garbage bags will fit.
The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
This is easy to work and easy to dispose of the dirty diapers.
FANTASTIC!
I find the major problem with this item is that if you have a very messy diaper and can't tightly bundle it without a mess, the mess gets all over the module that dumps the diaper and the stink is OUTSIDE of the diaper pail.
My main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag.
The hole to put the diaper in needs to be larger as I am now using medium diapers (I have a 3 month old) and they're on the brink of being too large to fit no matter how compact I make then and how un-soiled they are.
I have no issues w/ odor but baby poop doesn't start to smell really bad till they start on soilid so odor will not be a problem no matter what till then and that's many many months down the road.
This pail doesn't really keep in odors anymore and we'll probably have to get a new one, but since you can use regular garbage bags (we actually use the bags we get our groceries in because they hang perfectly) its still probably a better deal than the genie.
We just had a baby and were debating getting either this product or the Diaper genie and this is what sold us on this product
We received this diaper pail as a gift while expecting our second child.
and what a Godsend!
It is much easier to fill and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy refills when you can use trash bags from the Dollar Store?
It also holds a lot more diapers.
look at the size of it!
Any diaper pail, if you leave it for long enough, is going to smell.
I have noticed an odor (one the I expected!) when unloading the Diaper Champ but at least you don't smell anything every time you use it.
unlike the Diaper Genie!
I highly recommend this!
For my first I had a diaper genie which was not only costly with the refills but it was also very stinky.
I would not recommend buying that one.
My second child I didn't get any.
Now for our third child I saw the Diaper Champ and figured why not register for it and try it out.
I have to say that I am very happy with it so far.
I did dump a little deoderizer tablet in it.
I am happy with the fact that I can use any bag in there and dont' have to pay out the nose for replacements.
It's also so easy to use and holds a great deal of diapers.
I haven't noticed any seepage of smells.
My husband and I bought this instead of the Diaper Genie since we didn't want to be bothered with buying refills for the Genie.
Well, I suppose this is better than an open pail, but to have a nursery in which there is no unpleasant smell is quite impossible no matter what you use.
The bags attach inside the Champ easily and all one has to do is cram the diaper down and flip the handle.
Presto!
Diaper falls into bag inside the Champ.
But, sometimes, if the Champ is too full, the flip handle won't function.
(I never know when the Champ is full as there is no way too tell.  Even though not particularly aesthetic, how about making the Champ clear and see-through?) So, I lift the lid and find a wad of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full.
A couple of tips to having a clean-smelling nursery even with the Champ: Double bagging- Get those diaper sacks you would use to dispose of diapers if you're in a place where you don't want to dump a dirty diaper, like in your friend's wastebasket or kitchen garbage.
Bag the diaper in this small clean-smelling bag and then chuck it in the Champ.
Another tip is to wash out the Champ frequently and spray the inside and lid with Lysol after every full bag is removed.
I bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and I absolutely LOVE it!
I used to work in a daycare and we had a diaper genie.
It was such a pain to use.
We all hated it.
The diaper champ couldn't be easier to use.
And the biggest plus is that you don't have to buy any expensive refills.
It takes regular trash bags.
I generally put kitchen size bags in it, but you can use just about any size if you are in a pinch.
And it does an excellent job of keeping the odor contained, which the diaper genie never did!
If you are looking for a user-friendly diaper pail that actually does keep the odor contained, than the diaper champ is the one for you!
It was a PAIN.
Everytime I tried to unload it the sausage links(as I call them) would unravel and I think the odor control was only so so.
it wasn't much different than putting the diaper in a shopping back and putting it in the regular trash.
THIS ITEM IS EXCEPTIONAL I like the ease of use and it held the odor in great.
For even better odor control we would put a plug ins in the outlet closest to it.
I had no problem with stuck diapers and if I did it wasn't often but I can see how it would happen.
Diaper Champ is by far the best diaper pail!
It holds a lot of diapers, not to mention the odor!
It's easy to use (just a flip of the lid, and the diaper is gone!).
It's also easy to empty out.
Just unlock the top, and remove the plastic bag.
And best of all, no wasting money on special refill bags---this takes ordinary garbage bags!
Whether you are using disposable or cloth diapers, this is the truly the only diaper pail to get!
My original purpose in buying the Diaper Champ instead of the Genie was to use it with cloth diapers.
As a first-time mom, I got the great idea that cloth would be better, and this was the only diaper disposal that advertised compatibility with cloth diapers.
She never wore even one- the hospital started me on Huggies, and I never turned back (as a side note- if you do have the patience for cloth diapers, pay the extra $ and go for Kushies; they're beautifully made and work very well from what I've heard).
Even though I never ventured into the cloth land, I was very impressed by how well this works at keeping diapers and their accompanying odor in the pail and out of our life!
Opening the Champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- I pinched my thumb a few times before I got the hang of it.
Being a very economical person, I appreciate the fact that any plastic bag can be used with this system- I never did like the prospect of buying special Diaper Genie refills.
If you have a really sensitive nose, I can suggest buying some scented kitchen trash bags to use with the Diaper Champ- since the odor is contained in the Champ, once you have to open it to empty out the full bag, you're quite often greeted with a rather unpleasant blast of odor, and scented bags help with that.
As one other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally take a little effort to push down the "plunger" to get the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really look full.
But from my experience, by the time it gets to that point, the bag is really heavy, so I think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon emptying.
This is a really great buy, for yourself or as a shower gift.
I'm beginning to think that the main reason Genie's so popular is their cutesy name.
It's certainly not worth the money or the upkeep.
Go for the Champ.
It lives up to its name.
I love this product!
With the enormous numbers of diapers that you go through with a newborn, it was great how easy it was to dispose of the dirty ones.
Plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
No need to pay for the special refills that the other brands require!
and we still LOVE it!
We have been using the Diaper Genie for the past 17 months and are very happy with it.
We opted to purchase this diaper pail even though my SIL gave us her used diaper pail (the other popular pail. one that uses its own brand of bags) for free--and we are VERY glad we did.
Here's what we love about this pail.
*holds a LOT of diapers--a full week of toddler diapers!
(we wrap them nice and tight) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
*holds the odor in nicely!
(every now and then I spray down the inside of the pail with Lysol) *easy one-hand use *impossible for my inquisitive child to get the dirty diapers OUT of the pail Every now and then odors do escape the pail, but that is rare--and it usually just means that we've crammed too much in there and need to change the bag.
Spraying down the inside of the container (and letting it air out) periodically definitely helps.
We keep the Diaper Champ in our daughter's nursery and her room definitely does NOT smell like dirty diapers.
It holds quite a few diapers, and pops them in quickly and easily.
I use the same store-brand tall kitchen trash bags I already use in the kitchen for it -- no special "diaper" trash bags necessary.
The opening could be a little wider, I suppose, but I haven't really seen anything else that could be improved.
It works with a minimum of fuss.
The diaper champ turns the smelly diaper into "what diaper smell" in less time than that.
I hesitated and wondered what I REALLY needed for the nursery.
This is one of the best purchases we made.
The champ, the baby bjorn, fluerville diaper bag, and graco pack and play bassinet all vie for the best baby purchase.
Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
Update I knew that I loved the champ, and useing the diaper genie at a friend's house REALLY reinforced that!
There is no comparison, the chanp is easy and smell free, the genie was difficult to use one handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a little one on a changing pad) and there was a deffinite odor eminating from the genie plus we found that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the bag work really well because there isn't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
I love this pail!
No smell, easy to use with one hand free, and best of all it uses regular tall kitchen garbage bags so you don't get suckered in to using only the bags made for the pail that are imposible to find!
I have heard that it will eventually become my sons favorite place to put his toys when he becomes a toddler, but I've got 2 years to worry about that and I'm sure I'll figure out preventative measures like any other mom.
4 months later.
OK.
I still like it but don't think it rates the 5 stars I gave it but can't change that.
Once your child goes on to solid foods BEWARE!
Solid food poop is VERY STINKY and this diaper pail doesn't really contain the smell.
I still like it a lot and am not changing it for another, but it is sort of stinky.
I think it's great.
I just wished that it didn't fill up so fast!
It definitely keeps the smell out.
But now that she is eating solids the odor is escaping out and we are constantly using airfreshner.
First 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell any odor.
Bottom line if you buy this for your newborn, it is fine.
But be prepared to buy something else (diaper genie ?) which can trap the odor better.
Every time!
The diaper champ is the best!
Having used it with 2 children 13 months apart.
I can honestly speak to its worth!
I have tried other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
1) The champ is easy to use.
One pail that I used was so difficult to change the bag and insert the dirty diaper.
You had to remove the entire lid and lay it on the floor (which led to my toddler running away with it which is gross) while trying to fit the bag correctly into the slot.
For diaper disposal, you had to push a button and the lid would or would not pop open.
With the Champ all you had to do was drop the dirty diaper into the opening and flip the lid.
It was so easy my toddler would dispose of her on diapers.
The Champ also has hinges for you to place a new bag.
2) The Champ uses regular store bags.
You do not have to waste money or time trying to purchase special bags for the Champ.
You can save your bags from your shopping trip and insert them into the Champ.
Special bags are expensive, hard to find, and you never have enough.
This will never be a problem with the Champ.
Don't Caregivers need more simplicity in their lives?
The Champ gives you peace of mind and wallet.
3)The Champ is Odor Free for at least 15 months.
The Champ did not start letting a little odor through until well over a year.
I cannot speak to the accuracy of its odor containing capabilities due to it was working overtime with 2 childrens diapers.
If you have only one child the Champ may last you until the child is out of diapers.
The other pail I used started to smell after 2 weeks of use.
Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the best way to go.
The positives outway the negatives.
There probably isn't a pail out on the market that doesn't get smelly after a while.
Let the Champ win you over!
My biggest concern was would this truly control the odor and yes it did.
dirty diapes and soaked diapers.
I only noticed an odor one time and that was because I did not close thelid when I changed out the bag.
No need for deodorizers.
I use the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to empty.
even did while daughter sleep and no noise!
I use the scented bags and even if I don't no smell!
This holds alot and does not take up alot of space.
When my wife and I got the Diaper Champ, we thought that it would work perfectly.
We read the reviews on and saw that people liked it much better then the Diaper Genie, but I'm not 100% sure.
We found that when you put a dirty diaper into the top loader, there was a tendency to get streaks which would then get on the plunger which would then have to get cleaned each time it was used.
We resorted to using small plastic bags to store the dirty diapers and dumping them in a trash can and using the Diaper Champ for wet diapers only.
We also had a problem with diaper wipes getting caught when the top was flipped.
This eventually ruined the foam pad that is applied to the flip top to keep odors in.
I had to go and pull the crumpled foam out just so we could turn the lid.
But like I stated, its better then a trash can, but I'm not sure if its better then the Diaper Genie.
It holds almost a week's worth of diapers, and you don't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags work.
At first I had a problem with some smell, then I realized if you flip the lid back and always keep the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
It is also to wipe clean if you do get the chute a bit dirty.
I second that you just need to fold up the diaper (with wipes inside) neatly, but that is not a big deal.
The latch isn't terribly difficult, and I wouldn't want it to be too easy since it sits in my son's room.
She said her sister had the Diaper Champ and that it took regular garbage bags and worked just as well.
Personally, I am VERY pleased with the Diaper Champ.
It is mindless to operate.
It takes garage bags that we use elsewhere in the abode.
It doesn't stink, ever (like some have assumed since it doesn't wrap each diaper into its own neat little cocoon).
And it is very easy to clean.
I can keep one hand on my baby and dump the diaper at the same time, it is that simple.
I am SO thankful I got that advice when I did because I had the Diaper Genie on my registry aforementioned to her warning.
I'd abhor having to drive all the way to a baby superstore to purchase bags her dirty diapers are just going to get thrown away in.
I am very pleased with our choice.
This is a great diaper pail.
There is no odor and it is very easy to use.
(You can do it one handed while still hanging on to the baby.) Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
And it's the largest diaper pail I've seen without taking up more floor space.
We have both a Diaper Champ and a Diaper Genie.
and we definitely prefer our Champ!
Not only is it much more cost effective (you can use regular trash bags rather than Refills at $5 a pop), it is easier to use and clean, and has a larger capacity.
Only problem.
it can be frustrating and messy when you put that last diaper in before realizing the unit is full.
The pluger gets stuck & you have to manually extract the mess.
I registered for this item because of the good reviews it got, however I was not impressed.
For one thing, The diapers always get jammed in it.
The product also leaves a faint smell in the room.  
All in all, the Diaper Champ serves its purpose, but it does not live up to its good reviews.
I got the diaper champ because of the great reviews as well as the fact that you can use regular garbage bags.
It works great.
I can't smell anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my baby).
I ended up buying one for upstairs and one for downstairs because it works so well and because I change him so often downstairs.
It's much better than putting diapers in a downstairs trashcan.
The reviews were definitely right.
We have been using our Diaper Champ for almost 14 months now and we are very happy with it.
It sits in the corner of our bathroom and we have never had any problems with odors at all (and we live in the damp and humid South, where odors of all kinds are generally rife).
It is easy to install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, and most important, easy to use one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip the handle.
As the bag fills, you may need to flip twice to ensure that the weighted cylinder has completely pushed the diaper into the bag.
For the first 9 months or so, we only needed to empty this once a week.
Now that our son's diapers are a little larger, they take up more space, and we empty twice a week.
We have never had any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck (we always wrap them in the dirty diaper).
It is a bit difficult to get the unit open (the advice to take it slowly is sound), but now that our son is walking and exploring, I consider this a positive attribute!
Update (March 2005): My son has been out of diapers for almost 2 years now, but the Diaper Champ hung in there till the very end - easy to use, no problems with odors, and one of the best bargains among all of the paraphernalia required for the modern baby :-)
I originally put this item on my baby registry because friends of mine highly recommended the use of a diaper pail. 
I decided to go with the Diaper Champ rather than the more popular Diaper Genie, because I didn't like the idea of having to buy special bags.
 Too costly and not efficient if you ask me!
THIS PRODUCT IS A LIFESAVER!!
I HAVE NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
No one has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
In fact, people who have been present while I changed my almost 3 month old son's diaper have been amazed at how the very 'potent' smell of the dirty diaper seems to disappear once I dispose of the diaper in the Diaper Champ.
For those who are experiencing odor problems, here are some suggestions which should solve the problem:  
1. CHANGE BAGS FREQUENTLY!!
I change mine about 1 or 2 times a week.
For those who complain that the pail gets stuck, that is probably a good indication that the BAG IS GETTING TOO FULL!! 
Also, making sure that the tape on the diapers is secure will prevent that from happening as well.
2. YOU STILL HAVE TO CLEAN THE THING!!
Hello, it does house dirty diapers!! 
All I do is wipe it down with some antibacterial wipes (takes about 10 seconds!!) and then maybe spray some Lysol in it and let it air out for a minute or two.
SIMPLE AND IT WORKS!
Also, for those that complain that the Diaper Champ isn't as effective as time passes, keep the following in mind: AS BABIES GET OLDER, THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID FOODS!) AND SO DOES THE SMELL OF THEIR DIAPERS!
In talking with other parents, I get the same feedback - as babies get older and become toddlers, ALL DIAPER PAILS become gradually less and less effective until they are just no longer useful.
Again, this is because as their diet changes, so does the consistency and odor of their stool, in other words, it gets stinkier!!!  
All in all, this product is definitely one I would recommend and certainly worth the very reasonable price.
I love the diaper champ, it is really easy to use and since you can use regular garbage bags it doesn't cost an arm and a leg for refills.
The only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is full.
I wash ours out with lysol each time I empty it, and that helps, but when its hot out- well, just be prepared.
 We used this diaper pail from the day we brought our son home, until about 13 months.  
That's when it went from Oderless, to ODEROUS!
Even when empty!
So, I took it to the tub, scrub it down with disinfectant.  
It still smelled.
So then I used straight bleach.  
That seemed to work -- for about 3 days.  
Then it started to smell whether there were diapers in it or not.
However, for the previous 13 months-this is what I encountered - PROS - 
Using your own bags is much cheaper and convenient.
The height is a more convenient reach than others, where you have to hunch over.
Its stable, so a curious toddler can't easily tip it over.
CONS - Difficult to open to change bag-twice my bags caught on a sharp edge inside and snagged as I was pulling out-leaving dirty diapers all over the floor.
Also, diapers tend to stay in the middle, causing the pail to get backed up.
Diapers can get stuck when turned around if you don't tightly wrap them first. 
My toddler thought rotating the  top was fun-he always wanted to play with it
 (Being a diaper pail, I'd prefer he not be enticed by something so unsanitary.)     
I wanted this product because i didn't have to buy special bags for it and it also came highly recommended.
The only problem i have is with the handle you use to open the top compartment.
The way you have to shove your fingers under it and pull is just too tight.
I can't tell you how many times i've chipped a nail or hurt my fingertips because of the force needed to open it.
That would be my only complaint.
This is a GREAT product!
I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
Not only can they be a pain to install, but who needs one extra thing to watch a supply of?
I mean, with babies it's already far too easy to run out of diapers or formula. 
I couldn't picture myself yelling to hubby, "Honey, I know you have sixty other things to get...can you also pick up refills for the diaper pail?"  
The Champ works great.
We use regular kitchen sized garbage bags.
We've never experienced odor from the pail.
It was easy to assemble, and the diapers fit perfectly into the little nook before they make their way into the pail portion.
I also love that you can flip the device with one hand...
Highly recommended!!!
Makes life easier and keeps baby's room smelling like baby, not dirty diapers!
Excellent diaper disposal unit.
I used it in conjunction with Glad 3ply kitchen trash bags with odor control (scented).
I am soooo pleased with this product!!!
A wise investment for the pocketbook & for the nose!!!
Diaper Champ is great.
But just to let you know that I've been breastfeeding and the poop doesn't stink as much as formula poop.  
So I can't tell you if Diaper Champ will be as good at containing the formula generated poop smell, but it's excellent at containing the smell of poop of my breastfed baby!
Friends told me that the Diaper Genie did not work very well, so bought the Diaper Champ based on on-line reviews and I have been happy with it.
It works easily with one hand, which is important.
Also, it takes any kitchen sized trash bag, so there is no special bag to stock.
While the perfect ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a good as it gets.
Gets stinky after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
Also, diapers and wipes get stuck in the grove below the piston.
Large diapers have to be wrapped tightly. 
I gave up and got a diaper Dekor.
Much more hands off and takes any size diapers.
Also much less stinky.
Don't buy the diaper champ.
You will be sorry after a few months.     
So far so good.
I was using the cheapie pail...and it worked ok until the opening device fell apart.
I am wondering how some of these reviewers are able to stand having kids?  
Even the old pail hardly smelled bad to me, I think after you have changed diapers for 4 years, you get somewhat immune to it.
I could probably use a trash can and be ok at this point, but this prduct seems to work very well so far.
Let me just say this... After being a nanny for almost 10 years I have tried them all. 
This one is really great.
I actually took a friends word on it and went with this Champ when registering and I am glad I did.
I just knew all along what products I would not use, but was undecided on the actual one I wanted. 
Well the Champ has survived it's first year with our son and it is great!!
We just bought another for baby boy number two coming next month. 
The thought of not having to buy refills and just using regular bags is awesome!
We just buy the smaller bags that come like 250 to a roll and are sented and they are like $6.00 and they work great.
We just recently had to buy another roll of bags. SO $6.00 for a year of bags- can't beat that!!
We lysol the champ every time we change the bag out and have not had any problems.
Would reccommend to anyone and everyone!!
Don't listen to the bad reviews!
This is really a nice diaper pail.
I recommend it to both parents of infants and toddlers.
In fact, I liked it so much after using it with my son who is now 2 years old, that I bought one for our new baby's room.
Originally with my son we had a Diaper Genie.  
Wow - was that disappointing and we didn't even have it 6 months before it broke.
I bought the Diaper Champ and have been very happy for the following reasons.
1.  The Diaper Champ doesn't require special refills that are expensive and hard to find!
We just use the Glad tall kitchen trash can bags with odor shield from Target and they work wonderfully.
We don't have to worry about running out of refills with this diaper pail!
2.  It can be operated with one hand - Leaving a hand on your baby on the changing table.
So much safer than the others that require a two handed operation!
With them, you have to put your baby on the floor or someplace else safe just to put the diaper in the pail.  
The Diaper Champ is so simple that my toddler loves to put his own diapers in the diaper champ and flip over the handle.
He thinks it is magic when the diaper "disappears".  
3.  Bags are easy to change.
Pop the lid, fold it back on its hinge, pull the trash bag through the ring, and take out the dirty diapers.  
To replace the bag simply open it up and feed the top of the bag through ring, fold it over the sides of the ring, and close.  
It takes all of 2 minutes, if that.  4.  
It keeps smells out of your nursery or toddler room!
Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell when you flip the handle, but then it is gone.
Remember, it does hold dirty diapers!  
To eliminate any smells we simple stuck a Stick Up room deodorizer inside the lid.
Now when you flip the handle you get the Stick Up smell instead.
Works great!!!!
5.  The price is right.
At $30 we put one in the nursery and one in our toddler's room.



I have read the installation instructions for both NIS 2004 and NAV 2004 prior to installation, but still ended up with the same result...junk software.
Why is it that I can install any other type of software and it installs and works properly?
But if I installed either one of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
It can not be the computer or the owner, since I purchased McAfee Anti-Virus 8 and it installs and works fine with no problems.
I have used Norton for the past 5 years and for the last 2 years, the software has gotten more and more disgraceful.
I am glad that I do not work for Norton.
I have used Norton products in the past and I am familiar with them.
I bought NIS 2004 recently to try it out.
After 4 attempted installs, I have finally given up.
I am thankful that I have Roxio GOBACK, I had to use it 3 of the 4 times.
During install, NIS would either freeze or not reboot properly when asked to do so.
The MS scandisk would appear due to manual shutdown and would only scan to the 2nd bar, over and over(up to 1 hr, I then shut it down and used GOBACK).
The 1 time it did install, it did not work and had errors, I used the unistall NIS icon and it properly removed itself.
I have never had this problem with any other software on my computer.
NIS 2003 worked like a charm last year.
Being a past Norton customer, I consider this to be a slap to my face.
Buying software that can not be installed normally and being put into the position of having a non-working computer.
Norton has been on a downhill slid recently with their products, but with this one, they have fallen off the cliff.
As a loyal customer of Norton/Symantec products, I purchased Internet Security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the product (and hence the one star rating).
Here's why:
Yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet.
Anti-Spam is Good
The latest of Internet Security has antispam function that is helpful because I has received a mountain of those these days.
Other than that it is all the same except the new updates.
But that is good for me because Symantec softwares are a bit hard to master for me who are not savvy on computers.
So far I haven't had so much complaints except that I still haven't mastered how to scandisk when using Internet Security.
Too bad the product is cumbersome and intertwined trying to do so much at one time.
Sometimes a suite is not a good deal and all you get is a bundle of headaches.
I'm not sure why all the bad reviews, my computer isn't especially slowed down and I have Win'98.
Sure, it slows it down a little, but that's expected.
Perhaps Semantic could work out the efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would ask what else these people are running on their computers(?)
I would ask what else these people are running on their computers(?)
So, if you have a fairly fast computer (1 gig or better) with plenty of ram (512) and your not gaming online or running streaming video continually, you should be fine.
This is pretty standard for an up to date computer anymore, so what's the fuss?
I've been using Norton Anti-Virus in its many incarnations for over 5 years.
Norton Internet Security 2004 is one of the more buggy implementations.
Even for computer super-heros it's a pain to maintain when there is a problem.
I also reviewed Norton System Works 2004/Professional.
This product has virtually all the same installation problems.
For purposes of clarity, here is my review from that product,edited to be appropriate for this product, since, for the most part, they share many of the same problems.
Something happened with this release for Norton System Works (2004) and for "Internet Security 2004".
This is the fourth version of SystemWorks and the second version of Internet Security that I have used and it has always been a favorite.
It has saved my system on more than one occasion, and makes disc clean up a snap.
The antivirus feature is phenomenal, and is regularly updated.
I think their antivirus software was one of, if not the best, on the
Well, no more.
This version of Internet Security 2004, is beyond hope.
They are a royal pain to install, and don't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all.
The biggest problem is the installation.
Also if you do manage to get it installed, any problems with LiveUpdate or with System Works will also affect the functionality and/or the process of updating Internet Security.
I've had to install and uninstall them four or five times so far, and I've not to get either product working properly.
Why they brought this to market is beyond me.
First, it serious, serious installation problems.
Back in May 2004, when I first reviewed this, it had taken me over 16 hours to install and run.
Since then, I have had one problem after another.
To say that it is "buggy" would be the world's most profound understatement.
Almost from the beginning, LiveUpdate would not function.
First, it failed whenever connecting to get updates.
When I finally got it working, it only worked properly for many a month.
The next problem was that it didn't recognize all the installed components, so it would not update them, most notably and importantly, virus definitions.
Without this important feature, both SystemWorks and Internet Security are all but useless.
Without updated virus definiations, your PC is also at serious risk!
Once installed, however, some of the functions do work OK (Disk Doctor, One Button Checkup, and WinDoctor).
These tasks are faster and easier than in prior versions, and I found the menu to be much more navigable.
But this doesn't make up for it's innumerable other short-comings, the biggest of which is the inability to download any updates due to problems with LiveUpdate.
The other annoyance with this that you have to remove every single remnant of previous version of Norton SystemWorks before you installs this.
Warning! The Windows "remove program" feature does not do a good job of this, and neither does Norton's own removal program.
A lot of "fragments" were left in the Registry, and it the Norton system folders.
Their website had a download that helped remove those, although I had to manually remove a good number of files from the "Programs" directory.
If you have an older version of "Internet Security" installed, you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
You also need to go in and MANUALLY remove many Symantec files from the REGISTRY.
(Intructions for doing so are on Symantecs website.)
Even this, however, did not solve my problems.
As of October, 2004, these products are NOT working and I'm ready to demand a refund from Symantec.
I just uninstalled SystemWorks and Internet Security for at least the fifth time due to funtionality issues.
Once again it won't reinstall, even with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
The best thing to do with this version, is to leave it on the store shelf. It doesn't work, and will cost you an enormous amount of your time, not to mention your hard earned dollars.
Personally, I may never buy Symantect products again.
And that's a shame.
They use to be so useful and neceesary.
No longer.
Avoid this product at all costs.
Antagonising
There are some highs to the 2004 edition, but mostly lows.
The program brings more problems than a virus, albeit not as major problems, just not what you expect for 70 bucks.
I had a question about the pros and cons of turning off the Norton firewall vs. the windows firewall, and waited 45 minutes to speak with a tech support representative because I did not have a "customer priority ID number."
Then when I went to Norton's website to obtain a priority ID number per the instructions I had been given, I couldn't find a way to get one.
So I e-mailed the online tech support with that simple question, and got a reply which was totally unresponsive (it looked as though they didn't actually read the e-mail and just sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs).
And, when you think about it, it's insulting that Norton requires its customers to jump through these hoops -- anyone who can provide proof of purchase, whether on the phone or online (what if your computer is down?), should have equal priority.
I may not be a computer expert but I am perfectly capable of following detailed instructions, and Norton just makes life way too hard.
Plus, when Norton provided online updates, there were so many unexplained categories (about 15 over and above virus definitions)
I was totally baffled.
I originally had bought Norton Internet Security for my laptop after the preinstalled Norton Antivirus trial had finished.
The hardest part was the run around with what software suite to buy.
This package contains BOTH Norton Antivirus and Firewall.
The only reason I'd buy them separately in the combo package is for two liecenses.
If you want integrated Antivirus and Firewall this is what I'd suggest.
Norton's memory usage on systems with 512 MB is very low.
It usually only takes 5-10 MB's of system memory.
I just got an older 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM and it also runs fine on that.
Both the antivirus and firewall are integrated into one piece of software and they update together.
You won't need to update your firewall and antivirus separately or install two disks.
The best part of the firewall is the visual backtracking.
An infected computer tried to launch an attack on mine and I was able to get a map and address of the server.
I had the best intentions when I bought this, I really did.
I followed the instructions to the letter.
But it caused more headaches than I could imagine.
Stay away from this product!
I don't know what's happened to Norton, but 2004 is absolute garbage.
Apparently, they can't even fix the bugs that have overrun their own site.
The customer support is pathetic.
I have found too many bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and experience.
Okay, how can I say this nicely?
This product is absolutely not ready for release.
It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
I am an IT professional and have used Norton for years, but this product is a complete and utter dud.
Norton has a name in the market but I think it's only the name.
It's a rip off if one buys Norton Internet Security and antivirus.
The former hogs memory and it takes ages for the computer to start.
Nothing spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software.
Even though I have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer.
Had to uninstall it.
Maybe it's me, but this isn't my program.
I have had Norton Internet Security for 3 yrs and up graded to 2004 versionin August 2004.
Now in October,2004, the firewall said I couldn't OK anymore software to use the internet because its full.
Im at full capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they said they don't know why but I should get Tech's Support at $35/hr to help!! I did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
I am going to buy PC-cillium ASAP.
So, DON'T buy this or upgrade.
If you currently own the 2003 version, and are looking to upgrade to the 2004 version, don't.
There is little meaningful difference between the two versions aside from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently rather buggy and has problems running unless cleanly installed on a formatted drive.
If you are new to the market and looking to buy a symantec software product, save yourself some money and buy the 2003 version.
It included popup and ad blockers, referrer blockers, firewall,  intrusion detection, and all the same things that the 2004 version includes that are really needed.
This came PRELOADED on our new, 2.8Mz Pentium 4 256RAM computer.
From day one, we've had hangups, crashes, glitches, continual reboots, LONG shutdowns due to "ccApp.exe" program running which is a Norton program.
Long reboots due to Norton taking FOREVER  to boot.
We constantly got "Windows Virtual Memory Low" error messages popping up follwed by ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes.
I don't have one good thing to say.
I agree with the other reviewer that it doesn't even deserve 1 star.
Norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer.
It's a well-known company that I expected more from and spent 2 hours with tech support running all kinds of tests on the computer which of course came back reporting no trouble with the computer.
The tests were right.
It wasn't the computer - it was Norton Internet Security 2004 which is the culprit!!
Norton support is completely pathetic.
We were so fed up that we uninstalled ALL of Norton Internet/AV 2004 and were going to try McAffee, but a techie friend recommended trying Norton SystemWorks 2005 first.
We were leary to say the least, but decided to give Norton the benefit of the doubt.
We'd used Norton products like Internet Security 2003 forever with only rare troubles.
The SystemWorks 2005 seems to be working GREAT!!
We've only had it 2 days, but so far so good.  (WRONG - SEE UPDATE BELOW)
I hope it's better than this hunk of junk Internet/AV 2004 package.
If SystemWorks 2005 starts to act up, I'm done with Norton products forever.
But I don't think SystemWorks 2005 will start acting up.
72 hours later after installing, it started doing the exact same things!
So, we're fed up.
DO NOT BUY ANY HOME VERSION OF NORTON ANYTHING.
We were able to obtain a Norton Corporate Edition of Antivirus only (no firewall or utilities) and so far it's great.
 I've used the Corporate edition at work without any problems ever.
Unfortunately, you can't buy the corporate edition over the counter.
If we had been unable to obtain the Corporate edition, we would NOT have purchased another Norton 2004 or 2005 home version anything.
We'd have probably tried McAffee, but I hear from reviews that it has troubles too.
HMMMM.. Good luck.
Our Norton Internet/AV 2004 was terrible right from the get go, so I'd think that if SytemWorks is ok now, it should remain ok.
I'll update my review if I find out otherwise.
WRONG - SEE MY UPDATE ABOVE.
By the way, I use the Norton 2003 Corporate at work with absolutely no trouble.
Likewise, I've heard Norton 2004 PROFESSIONAL version is fine too.
Just the home version of Norton Internet/AV has too many glitches and problems to even remotely bother with.
Trust me and all the other reviews on this one.
I have always sworn by Norton Anti-Virus and SystemWorks products, and have used them both for years.
So I expected the same level of quality and ease of use with their Internet Security program.
I am an advanced computer user, so I cannot even imagine how a new or novice user would ever get this terrible program to work!
After installing, the system froze trying to restart (this is a new computer with Windows XP Home).
After finally restarting, the "automatic updates" ran.
When all was said and done, I couldn't even use Microsoft Outlook.
Seems the "program scan" feature did NOT find the EXE file for Outlook!
It did find Outlook Express, but that's not what I use.
Before I managed to manually add the program file, I contacted Symantec support.
Like most of their solutions (which first blame other applications for errors), the tech persons line was that this was probably a Microsoft error - it was NOT.
It was a Symantec error.
After a recent update, I can no longer open more then 1 browser window.
I've searched the program and their online tech support (worthless) and have found no solutions.
Again, I tried online email support.
They gave me a ridiculous set of steps which included emailing them screen prints as PDF files!
I use the program like most other people - in DISABLED mode.
Eventually I will uninstall this troublesome bug-filled program.
Maybe it's time to explore McAfee products again...
Before installing anything on your computer, you need to do a bit of research before spending the money.
This is definitely one of those products, especially as the company is leaning more towards making a profit.
I recommended this for my father based on my experience with previous versions.
I wish I'd done some research first....
I've been using NIS 2004 for about 2 months and it works well.
Some of the options are confusing, especially when the popup warnings occur, but I've had no problems with intrusions.
Norton pops up a window about the intrusions and gives me as much detail as possible about where the intrusion is coming from.
The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonuses.
Product is OK; however, despite the fact that I followed the rebate instructions explicitly, I am being denied the rebate because the processing agency incorrectly claims I did not send in proof of ownership of a previous product.
Not much recourse for the consumer in these cases.
I didn't have any major problems installing this software.
The only problem I had was a few components didn't quite load correctly upon startup, but a reboot fixed the problem.
I had NIS 2003 and was very happy with it; this new version really doesn't seem to offer a lot of exciting new features, seems merely the same as 2003 dressed-up to look like a new version.
Anyhow, this software is working fine and no problems since I installed it two weeks ago.
I give it 4-stars only because the installation process - or rather problems that may surface during the installation process - can be frustrating to the average computer user.
If you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the support tab, click the 'home or home office support' and there is an automated support assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your computer and it will tell you what is not working right and how to fix it.
Can't get easier than that!
Avoid like the plague.
I already knew something was wrong, because much of the Spam I've seen in the past six months was from resellers of Norton products.
For Norton to encourage Spammers by letting them sell their products is a very bad sign.
Well, I must be one of the few fortunate ones on here.
Mine installed no problem (but I DID uninstall my Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & Personal Firewall 2002 first).
Seems to work great.
Sorry to hear about all the other folk's problems....makes me wonder why I'm NOT having any (I'm running Win XP as well).
I had Norton Internet Security 2003 and it worked great...one of the features that I liked was the user interface as well as the ad/pop-up blocking feature along w/the logs on internet usage.
I read many reviews on Norton I.S. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and came to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.
In January of 2004, I renewed my subscription service for NIS 2003 but on Jan 7, everything changed.
There was a Verisign problem that conflicted w/Word and Excel and was posted on the Symantec site that affected computers.
The Symantec site said it didn't affect NIS but I believe it did.
I also believe that when I renewed my subscription service that Symantec uploaded the NIS 2004 patch.
All of a sudden everything that reviewers were writing about NIS 2004 was happening to my computer.
Booting up my computer took forever!!!
Then, my ad/pop-up blocking was completely gone.
My file log was not responding and the program was not blocking any cookies or unauthorized sites.
After extensive researching on the Symantec site I broke down and called Symantec.
Again, every review written about the Tech Line is true...after waiting close to 45 minutes I finally spoke to a rep.
I had to pay $29.95 just to go any further.
After telling the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the only answer was to uninstall the program (which I had already done)...
They sent me a link to their website to follow instructions on ridding my registry of all Symantec products so I could get a clean re-install.
They didn't know what the problem could be.
They said to call back if it still didn't work after the complete uninstall.
I did it and it was worse the second time around...unbelievable.
I gave up.
Basically, I ate the cost of the renewal and ate the cost of the Tech Help.
NIS is a package of several Norton products.
Unfortunately, it does not give you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
If you get NIS be sure you want ALL of them installed and running on your machine.
You can "disable" some of the individual components, but don't be fooled--they're still there and running.
Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
Every time I start Eudora, a message from AntiSpam pops up telling me that COM automation needs to be turned on for it to run properly.
I guess the possibility that someone might not want it to run at all never occured to the designers.
Just to try to shut it up, I told it to go ahead and turn on COM automation.
This did manage to cut the number of popups during start-up from 4 down to 2.
But those 2 come up every time.
And this despite the fact that I'm not even using AntiSpam.
Next, the big reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton charges $30 to even tell them about it.
Sure they say if it's their fault you won't get charged, but THEY are the ones who get to decide whether it's their fault.
And you have to put up the 30 bucks to get them to decide.
Nice little racket they've got there.
I bought Norton Internet Security years ago when it first came out.
While it didn't have all the features I would have liked, it was better than anything else I could find at the time.
The problems I had installing Norton extended way beyond what Symantec should reasonably expect the public to deal with.
When I purchase software, I NEVER want to have to spend hours looking up solutions to my install problems -- in particular solutions that involve manually setting driver preferences or editing the registry!
This is a very full featured product.
It checks every 5 minutes for virus and spam definition updates.
Also, with one click you can help train your spam killer.
And the firewall came with a wizard which made it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
I downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes my Internet connection failed and my PC was almost dead due to registry problems from the download.
I was forced to re-format the next day due to extensive incapatability issues.
I lost all my personal info.
Their site offers no live help at all.
I tried to call Norton, and the only numbers they list on their sites are either for Non-tech Customer Service (tried this one and hung up after 75 minute of MUZAC) or they have a $30 tech-support number.
Who wants to pay $30 to discuss a defect in a product that just cost $95? (I also bought the back-up CD).
I finally got a free support number for Norton through my ISP support staff, but waited an hour or more for a voice.
They said they would refund all the money, but a month later, they tell me now the back-up disc is not refundable as its cost is purely handling and shipping - $15 to "handle" and ship a CD? --and they have been indignant and combative on the phone and in emails.
This is a terrible company with a bad product and awful support.
After 10 years, I now downloaded McCaffee's product after calling their support....they answered quickly, and for free, and were very helpful.
No problems now, just a sickly disappointment in the way Norton has abandoned thier customers.
I see many other reviews that say the same....stay away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
A security software suite with lots of value
While I understand the complaints about Symantec's Norton SystemWorks software suite (which are totally justified), the same can't be said for Norton Internet Security.
It's a highly rated, KICK ASS firewall program that's bundled with the venerable Norton AntiVirus, plus extras (like Norton AntiSpam & Norton Parental Control) that make this security suite a must-have for people who have broadband internet access.
Detractors should spend more time actually customizing the program to meet their needs instead of being lazy & complaining just for the hell of it.
Once you set it up, you barely even notice it's even there.
I've alway liked Symantec products, except for this version 2004.
If you are already using a previous version of nortron security and unistalled it to install the new version, you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system!
It seems like Symantec did a lousy job on this version.
Luckly,with 3 rebates this product will cost me nothing! it is indeed worth nothing.
To install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted.
If you got stuck do what I did,search for any folder called symantec and delete it! then install that program(assuming you know what you are doing).
If you have no previous version of  nortron security on your system, or Nortron Antivirus, the installation will go fine, otherwise dig in and in to do a major registery clean up!the old programs will leave a trace that will mess up the new installation, even if you uninstalled the old programs perfectly.
What dissapointes me the most that a software like that  is not cheap gets zero support form symantec, if you want support, they'll charge you a Fee!
I've tried the free versions of zone alarm and the free version of sygate and they both have a nice and easy installation and work great!.
Next year when I purchase a 2005 FireWall version, I am buying the Zone Alarm or the sygate one.
I am giving a zero star to symantec for this version!
I really liked the firewall.
It can be a pain to configure, but I dealt with it.
THEN all of a sudden when I restarted my pc, I couldn't get to anything in IE.
I have gone to their site many times in the last two months looking for an answer.
I've tried lots of things they suggest.
My computer configuration is probably all screwed up at this point.
The only free help you get is in renewing your subscription!
The only way my pc internet works is if I open the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
It's become tedious doing this.
Wish I hadn't renewed my subscription.
Buy ZONE Alarm.
Wish I had.
I read how the buyers of this product watched their computers turn into processing sloths, bought a copy and watched my 2.4 Gig XP Pro processor slow down below the level of my 750 Meg 2000Pro laptop!
At the same time I bought PC-Cillin for the laptop and what a slick product!
So now, when we type, half the time the XP Pro 2.4 Gig PC lags behind the input, sometime by 10 characters!
Symantec should give us all a refund and apology!
I will NEVER buy their product again at this rate, and neither should you.
BEWARE!!!!
The product has worked perfectly for me on my XP.
No more banner ads, pop-ups, and the reliable antivirus.
I work on word, explorer, netscape, acrobat reader, photoshop at same time (meaning using a lot of memory), but still dont see a problem with computer (getting slow or crashing).
I have XP with 256MB RAM, 40GB memory.
This product is way cooler than anything Ive used before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus alone).
5 stars all the way!
I've had the last 3 versions of NIS.
All in all it hasn't been a bad product.
However, Symantec has taken a significant turn for the worse with this release.
While it has a rather effective firewall, and comes with Norton Antivirus (which I'm actually rather fond of), the Security Suite has significantly slowed down my system.
I'm currently using a Sony Vaio S-150 (which I bought at the end of this past August), and it takes about five minutes just to boot the system - in fact, I've taken to just hibernating, rather than shutting down completely.
The Antivirus is good, but "Internet Security" just isn't worth it.
I've owned many Norton products in my time, and for the most part, I've been pleased with their performance.
This is also the case with NIS 2004.
I've seen many reviews praising 2003 and cursing 2004.
I upgraded from NIS 2003, and the change in performance has not been noticeable.
On the contrary, I'm quite pleased with my upgrade.
It works better and has more useful features than NIS 2003.
I bought this product after reading the Editor's Choice article at PC Magazine and had a great experience with Amazon (as usual).
The program is fully featured, with much of what you'd want from a security program --
I was upgrading from a version of Norton Anti-virus that was about a year old in order to get spam and pop-up control.
My previous experience with multiple Symantec/Norton products has been good.
The installation, set-up, and operating interfaces are well organized and intuitive and the email spam component works well.
HOWEVER, I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT AND WITH SYMANTEC.
It feels like I'm back to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, even though I'm running a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband service for the past year.
I tried disabling the various components provided with this product, paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
There is absolutely nothing useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
I am going to uninstall this and stick with my old version until they offer a fix or until I can find a program from another vendor.
I purchased this even though I saw some disparaging reviews at the Amazon site, trusting PC Magazine to get it right.
However, I suspect that many people are having a bad experience -- DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT.
PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows XP Pro 80GB HD  I was able to Uninstall NIS 2003 and Install NIS 2004 with no trouble.
First, I turned off my cable modem.
Then I disabled both Norton Antivirus and Norton Internet Security.
I used "Add/Remove Programs" to unistall NIS 2003.
In "Add/Remove, you must selecting the program's Change button.
After that was complete, I deleted the Norton Antivirus and Norton Internet Security folders left in the "Programs" section of Windows XP.
Next I de-fragged my hard drive.
I did not use the Rnis.exe, since I have WinFax Pro on my system. I did not touch the Windows Registry, for the same reason.
I installed, activated and registered NIS 2004 without issue.
So far, the Anti-Spam feature seems to be very good.
I ain't no computer geek, but I can wrestle with the best of them.
This program would not let me send Outlook Email or listen to Audible sample books online.
I gave up trying to figure how to get my email sent or listen to streaming programs.
Buy this if you like mental challenges or trying how to pick locks.
For security buy Zone Alarm. It's a very friendly program.
I was begining to think I was computer-retarded after dealing with this program.
I was using this on my 2001 Dell laptop (which worked fine until I upgraded to this junk!)
I had much of the same problems that everyone else has listed (mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then I couldn't get the damn thing off my computer completely!
I decided to give it one last chance... so I formatted my hard drive, reinstalled Windows XP (which also required a day & night download/install of SP2 on dial-up) and put NIS2004 back onto the computer.
It locked during install and I had to reformat the drive and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
Blessedly, my DSL was installed just about this time and I set up a wireless network with my desktop.
So when I reformatted for the third time, downloading SP2 took no time at all and the new XP was kind enough to even suggest other antivirus programs to try (it also listed Norton and McAffee).
I downloaded a trial version of Computer Associates EZ Firewall and Antivirus and fell in love with a computer security system all over again.
I can't recommend their programs enough.
And I can't warn you enough to STAY AWAY FROM NORTON!!
I originally bought McAfee VirusScan 7 from Amazon.
About a month ago, it had an error that I could not fix and the program would not update.
Even though I had 6+ months left on the McAfee subscription, I decided to move on and buy Norton Internet Security 2004 (NIS).
I did not have any of the installation problems that people highlighted here.
I did remove all remnants of McAfee before installing and confirmed the Windows XP firewall was off.
It was immediately noticeable that NIS slows down my computer (Pent4, 256 RAM).
I think it is a combination of the program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning that it does with every program.
Is it necessary to scan my MS Money database when I close the program?
I'm not sure how it would have been compromised by a virus.
I have a modern PC with lots of speed and memory, but this firewall just brought it to a halt.
Start up, log off, log on...everything became very slow.
Configuring it for a home network was almost impossible.
Multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you'd expect.
Avoid at all costs
I just about lost it this morning with this software.
While I was trying to play Half Life 2 it started popping up with "alerts" every twenty seconds (literally), warning me my antivirus protection was off.
But it wouldn't let me turn the AV protection back on and it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
I had tried to uninstall Norton Internet Security a few weeks ago, and it wouldn't let me do that either.
I tried it again this morning and it said I didn't have the required "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
On my own home computer.
Of course, if you try to reach Symantec customer service you get useless automated systems unless you want to pay $30 per incident.
Meanwhile, the damn alert is still popping up every 20 seconds.
Finally I ran msconfig and went into the "services" tab and unchecked every last Norton/Symantec "service," then ran uninstall again.
This time, it started the uninstallation process, then I left for work. I think it will work. I hope it will work.
I simply hate Symantec. I swear, if I could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my bare, bleeding hands, I would have.
I have been a loyal Norton Anti-Virus and Internet Security software user for as long as I can remember.
Their products have been great and have saved my bacon on numerous occasions.