This is a coding exercise meant to test your ability to understand and implement basic concepts. Please read all the points below BEFORE starting the exercise.


1) Implement well-commented functions with docstrings in python3 to perform the following (see this video for reference: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKaoGeKD43w):

a) Read a text file using the path to the text file as the input parameter.
b) Remove punctuations, numbers and special characters given a document as input. 
c) Remove stopwords given a document as the input parameter - a basic list of stopwords is provided, you can use more extensive lists from the internet (please cite the link in your comments if you do).
d) Apply stemming or lemmatisation given a document as the input parameter (functionality from any pre-existing package can be used to do this).
e) Extract n-grams given a document as the input parameter (functionality from any pre-existing package can be used to do this).
f) Create a tf-idf matrix from scratch given a corpus as the input parameter (do not use any pre-exisiting packages that offer functionality to do this directly).
g) Perform k-means clustering on the rows of a matrix, given k and the matrix whose rows are to be clustered as input parameters (implement k-means from scratch and do not use any pre-existing packages that offer functionality to do this directly). 

2) Write tests for each of the functions above using the Test Corpus provided - assume each new line is a separate document.

3) Each of the 2 Main Corpora provided comprises of product reviews from Amazon.com for a pair of products each. In both corpora, the reviews for each product are separated by three blank lines. In a Jupyter notebook, use your functions 1 a)-g) to treat and cluster the documents in both the Main Corpora. 

a) In both cases use k=2 and assume each new line is a separate document. 
b) Create a 'confusion matrix' A per corpus, whose rows are 1st and 2nd product, whose columns are 1st and 2nd cluster and whose entries Aij are the count of reviews of product i in 			cluster j.
c) Compare the clustering results for both corpora and if you feel the results can be improved, how this can be achieved. 

4) In a Jupyter notebook, cluster the provided data (Clustering Data) using your k-means implementation. The data cannot be transformed in any way apart from mean-centering.

a) Assess the performance of this k-means implementation for this dataset
b) Discuss the performance and if there is scope for improvement, propose changes to your k-means implementation that would help improve results and explain why  

You will need to submit ALL your code(s) for 1) and 2), and notebooks for 3) and 4) above.